[Music]
foreign
saving the world trying to look after
everyone I just want to get a nine to
five now settle down maybe get a family
have some kids maybe a dog go to the pub
occasionally
too much weight on my shoulders
what's that
someone needs SEO help
boy and you'll never catch me
[Music]
okay kid
yeah I'm okay who are you
I'm
fine
SEO man
[Music]
somebody stop it
I've got you AI boy
AI is taking over the world for SEO man
is back I'm going to share some tips so
you can stay ahead of the game for your
organic search play
I'm AI boy and I'm going to take over
the world SEO man can't stop me ha ha ha
[Music]
boy time for the final showdown
foreign
how's it going I'm really worried about
that impact AI will have on SEO that's a
great question kid I think there's a lot
of concern going around Google we're
working on something called sge search
generative experience what the heck does
that mean well it means for some
questions queries or similar Google's
going to give an instant AI result at
the top of the page answering the
question without the need to click
through or tool free links or Pages
giving zero click results but don't
despair I'll share some more thanks a
few man
hi here man AI boys up there how are you
defeating don't worry kid what you've
got to remember is when Google do roll
out sge even with the AI results
there'll be some supporting articles so
if you follow eeat experience expertise
Authority and trust and make sure when
you're putting together content at that
top of the funnel at the question query
problem level you're addressing your
prospects common questions pain points
problems showing Authority giving social
proof really answering what they want to
know what they want to learn what they
care about and prompt them to take that
next step where relevant and then the
good thing is from what we've seen so
far later down the funnel for more
higher intent Prospectors searching
directly for your service your offer
comparing Alternatives or similar and
what we've seen AI isn't impacting those
results too much so focus on those High
intent Search terms that prospects might
be searching for when they need your
solution right here right now and you
should be good it's finally time for me
AI boy to take over the world
not so fast AI boy
I have defeated AI boy
if you need help taking down your
competitors with SEO you know to cool